Somebody get me my heels, jokes SRK after Karan wears heels with suit.
Rajinikanth helps cyclone-affected families with new houses.
100-year-old woman casts vote in Odisha's Bijepur bypoll.
India take 16 wickets on Day 3, need 2 more wickets to whitewash SA.
Umesh's 137-kmph bouncer hits Elgar, forces SA's 1st concussion substitution.
Sachin Bansal, Binny Bansal back IIT Delhi's endowment fund.
B'luru civic body orders shops to give Kannada 60% space on boards.
Abandoned parcel explodes at railway station in K'taka, 1 injured.
Govt opens Siachen, world's highest battlefield, for tourists.
Savarkar an accomplished man but I don't follow his ideology: Singhvi.
Police announce cash prize for info on Kamlesh Tiwari murder accused.
There's not one way to make art: Natalie on Marvel films criticism.
Andy Murray wins his first title since March 2017.
Some at Barcelona didn't want Neymar to return: Lionel Messi.
Michael Hussey joins Aus staff for Sri Lanka, Pakistan series.
SpiceXpress, Throttle Aerospace tie up for drone delivery: Reports.
Digvijaya suggests EVM & ballot box combination for polls.
Mamata assures to stand by Farooq Abdullah in difficult times.
‘Most honest’: Rahul on BJP MLA who made ‘EVM fixed’ remark.
Vani Kola resigns from Urban Ladder's board.
Five Ola execs in UK, Australia, New Zealand resign: Reports.
Google, IT Min tie up to mentor students for Kerala Startup Mission.
We'll go further in Pak territory if it doesn't mend ways: J&K Guv.
BSNL revival plan to be in public domain within a month: CMD.
Drug companies reach $260 million settlement, averting first federal opioid trial.
UK speaker rules against government trying to get another vote on Brexit deal.
Small Brazil plane crashes killing at least three: local media.
'Pierre Delecto' Mitt Romney admits Twitter alter ego.
Boeing may face billions more in losses as MAX crisis deepens: analysts.
China seeks $2.4 billion in sanctions against U.S. in Obama-era case: WTO.
Businesses, lacking riot insurance, pay for the damages.
Facebook mulls currency-pegged stablecoins for Libra.
Cold War mentality hinders trust in cyberspace: China. 
Qantas tests world's longest commercial flight from New York to Sydney.
Wall Street rises on trade optimism; Boeing slides.
Democrats' lay out case for Trump impeachment probe, more key witnesses set to appear.

